it's kind of like good motivation when
you're working out to feel like you
could be attacked by a basement dwelling
serial killer at any moment really helps
you bang out the reps hi it's Emily from
bite size vegan and welcome to my creepy
basement gem so I said to you guys when
I first moved into this house I don't
know if you remember that but I said I
would eventually give you a tour of my
gem as it is and so that's what i'm
gonna do i'm going to show you my
basement gym and then i'm gonna show you
my outdoor gym and that's it i know i'm
not very used to doing super informal
videos as many of you know but it's
happening so i wasn't doing more complex
video today but after Wednesday's video
i just don't have a brain much anymore
trying to catch up on sleep so it's a
you got to forgive the creepiness of
this gem here's my my stand right now
it's got little wimpy waits on it
because I was I don't know what I was
doing I was doing something high rep the
other day but as you can see I've got
some bumper plates and there's this rock
that lives in the basement and I don't
know why the rock lives in the basement
but it's been there since I moved in so
I've just got a couple couple free
weights a couple bumper plates got my
Olympic lifting bar so in this creepier
back room back here it's pretty it's
pretty scary ah so that is the creepy
weight bench with some super disturbing
surroundings so here's my pull-up bar
I've got a little bit of a band assist
if I want to do higher reps or do really
slow motion or work on my negatives and
things I then we'll use the band and
then take down that
you there's it comes with four of these
and then I can take some off to make it
more of a challenge or just not use it
at all if I want to do that but this is
the only door that this would fit into
and it happens to be in the laundry nook
so there's that I've also gotten pretty
creative with things to a certain extent
so I have this bar here by the water
heater that I will use to do rose off of
or some band work that I have tied
around their I'll show you that in a
second um that's about it i have my yoga
mat as well and then i'll do you know
walking lunges up and down around here
anything after this we'll look high end
oh yeah and of course I bring my
computer down so that when I'm between
sets I can answer a couple comments or a
couple emails I am still very behind so
if you have emailed me recently I am
doing my very best and I am very very
sorry that it's taking me so long please
be patient know that I do respond to
every email personally it just can take
a while sometimes especially when I'm
doing videos that take 60 to 70 hours to
create so I hope you enjoyed this I feel
like this is really boring but
apparently people like the informal
videos from time to time so and to be
able to put out more videos kind of have
to because you can't do you know the
history of veganism three times a week
you know would be no sleep at all I did
that for a while nope not good so let's
go see the outdoor gym okay we are
outside now and get ready to see my
incredible outdoor gym BAM there it is
look at the masterpiece
it's incredible you can get super fit on
this outdoor gym and you get to look
kind of cool with this little down here
came off of a Mack truck this guy that's
that's what he is so I'm gonna take you
with me so I thought I'd do a little bit
of narrating this is a restaurant in
town that will make anything beacon any
of their dishes vegan which is pretty
cool ubi is also in the room with me so
she's going to co narrate by snoring so
this is just a back bike path that goes
out actually I guess it's eased it goes
out east to a neighboring town and
there's some just really gorgeous
moments along this bike path I typically
up until i moved here would not bike on
bike paths I just biked to get places
but everything here is about five
minutes away so then I don't ever
actually get to bike anywhere along this
path that I just whizzed past there's a
nature wildlife sanctuary there's a
little sign saying that and I always
think it's kind of sad that we have to
create specific sanctuaries for wildlife
when they're supposed to you know be
wild and be out in nature and yet you
know they have to be relegated to these
tiny places but this goes out to mount
tom which is what that is it's a big
mountain well it's a big mountain as far
as Massachusetts is concerned it's
really just gorgeous out here some
really nice farmland it kind of makes me
nostalgic for Iowa but it's a real
beautiful ride and it's something that
I've started doing again recently is up
little bunny working out and being
outside well it's a really little baby
bunny it's it's something that I stopped
really being able to do and that's
another beautiful shot here I'm all over
the place for my narration you just have
to forgive me but with bite size vegan
getting is busy I stopped taking these
moments
22 kind of drink in nature and have have
some time so I'm trying to get back to
that so that I can stay healthy and
grounded it's really hard to find that
balance because I feel guilty every time
I'm not doing something directly for the
animals and here's a kitty hi kitty I
made a little bit of a clicking noise so
he would know that I was there cuz I
didn't want him to run in front of the
bike so I was just kind of be careful
when there's other little little guys
around but was just a really beautiful
ride today and so I just thought I'd
take you guys along with me I'm still
kind of recuperating from not sleeping
but I hope that you enjoyed coming along
with me I was kind of nice to do
something a little different please
subscribe if you enjoyed it let me know
if you like having an informal video
every now and again I'll talk to you
soon go live vegan and now ubi shall
narrate
Oh